zoxide v0.3 (#46)
ajeetdsouza/zoxide: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.3.0] - 2020-03-30

### Added

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased]

## [0.3.0] - 2020-03-30
### Added
```

> - Added `CHANGELOG.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

"The purpose of a changelog entry is to document the noteworthy difference, often across multiple commits, to communicate them clearly to end users. "

I don't consider a changelog "noteworthy", because it doesn't impact our users :P

- Added `$_ZO_EXCLUDE_DIRS` to prevent certain directories from being added to the database.
- Added support for generic POSIX shells.

### Changed

> - Switched default database location to user's data directory.

Reviewer: I think it looks nicer (when viewing it as raw text) to have the header be directly above what it is describing. If you're fine with it, I'd like to ask that all headers follow this same kind of decoration: Header, directly followed by entries, with a newline separating the next header.

```suggestion
### Changed
- Switched default database location to user's data directory.
```

Author: I'm not sure about this - [`prettier`](https://prettier.io/), which is the Markdown formatter I use, adds in blanks before and after headers, and [`markdownlint`](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/master/doc/Rules.md#md022---headings-should-be-surrounded-by-blank-lines) also seems to agree.

Reviewer: Fair enough. Even my "gold standard of changelogs" Alacritty agrees!

> - Upgraded database schema to include a version number, and added automatic migration from `v0.2.x` databases (will be removed in `v0.4.0`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded database schema to include a version number, and added automatic migration from `v0.2.x` databases.
```

As above, changelog entries should describe user-facing changes. The fact that it will be removed later is not a user-facing change -- it will go under the `### Removed` header whenever it happens.

- Changed `migrate` subcommand to `import`.

### Fixed

- Used unique temporary database file names to achieve thread safety.

> - Fixed incomprehensive "could not allocate" message on database corruption.

Reviewer: I'm not gonna go through every single entry, but the entries should be read like: `<Header>: <entry>`, e.g. `Fixed: Incomprehensive "could not allocate" message on database corruption.`

```suggestion
- Achieve thread safety by using a unique, temporary database file.
- Incomprehensive "could not allocate" message on database corruption.
```

## [0.2.2] - 2020-03-20

### Fixed

- Fixed incorrect exit codes in `z` command on `fish`.

### Removed

- Removed file locks on database.

## [0.2.1] - 2020-03-16

### Added

- Added `$_ZO_ECHO` environment variable to echo match before `cd`ing.
- Added a minimal `ranger` plugin.
- Added a PWD hook to only update the database when the current directory is changed.
- Added support for the `bash` shell.

> - Added the `migrate` subcommand to allow users to migrate from `z`.

Reviewer: See the above comment.

```suggestion
- `$_ZO_ECHO` environment variable to echo match before `cd`ing.
- Minimal `ranger` plugin.
- PWD hook to only update the database when the current directory is changed.
- Support for the `bash` shell.
- `migrate` subcommand to allow users to migrate from `z`.
```

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

## [0.3.0] - 2020-03-30

### Added

- Automatic migration from `v0.2.x` databases.
- `$_ZO_EXCLUDE_DIRS` to prevent certain directories from being added to the database.

> - Support for generic POSIX shells.

Reviewer: Oh, and this, please.

```suggestion
- Support for POSIX-compliant shells.
```

### Changed

- Database location defaults to user's data directory.

> - Upgrade database schema to include a version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Database location defaults to user's local data directory.
- Database schema now includes a version number.
```

- `migrate` subcommand renamed to `import`.

### Fixed

- Achieve thread safety using unique temporary database file names for each `zoxide` instance.
- Incomprehensive "could not allocate" message on database corruption.

## [0.2.2] - 2020-03-20

### Fixed

- Incorrect exit codes in `z` command on `fish`.

### Removed

- File locks on database.

## [0.2.1] - 2020-03-16

### Added

- `$_ZO_ECHO` to echo match before `cd`ing.
- Minimal `ranger` plugin.
- PWD hook to only update the database when the current directory is changed.
- Support for the `bash` shell.
- `migrate` subcommand to allow users to migrate from `z`.

### Fixed

- Interactive queries causing other open shells to hang.

## [0.2.0] - 2020-03-11

### Added

> - `init` subcommand to remove dependency on shell package managers.

Reviewer: Wording nit.

```suggestion
- `init` subcommand to remove dependency on shell plugin managers.
```

- Support for `z -` command to go to previous directory.
- `Cargo.lock` for more reproducible builds.
- Support for the `fish` shell.

### Fixed

- `_zoxide_precmd` overriding other precmd hooks on `zsh`.

## [0.1.1] - 2020-03-08

### Added

- Install script for Linux/macOS users.
- Aging algorithm to remove stale entries.

### Changed

> - Upgrade database schema to use `f64` values for rank rather than `i32`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Database schema now uses `f64` values for rank instead of `i32`.
```
